Added: alt attribute to few images (#19626)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/css/css_layout/legacy_layout_methods/index.md

The aim is to turn this into a demonstration grid of two rows on a twelve column grid — the top row demonstrating the size of the individual columns, the second row some different sized areas on the grid.

> ![CSS grid with twelve columns and two rows. The top row demonstrates the size of individual columns. The second row demonstrates some different sized areas on the grid.](simple-grid-finished.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![CSS grid with 16 grid items spread across twelve columns and two rows. The top row has 12 equal-width grid items in 12 columns. The second row has different-sized grid items. Item 13 spans 1 column, item 14 spans six columns, 15 spans three, and 16 spans two.](simple-grid-finished.png)
```

Try loading and refreshing to see the difference, or check out our [fluid-grid-offset.html](https://github.com/mdn/learning-area/blob/main/css/css-layout/grids/fluid-grid-offset.html) example (see it [running live](https://mdn.github.io/learning-area/css/css-layout/grids/fluid-grid-offset.html) also). The finished example should look like this:

> ![The grid has 2 rows. Frist row has 12 children and the second row has 4 children. The items with label 14 is situated in the second ro.w. 'offset-by-one' class is applied to the fourteenth item which leaves one column wide empty space on the left-hand side of it. ](offset-grid-finished.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![The grid has 2 rows. The first row has 12 equal-width grid items and the second row has 4 items of different widths. Item 13 spans 1 column, item 14 spans five columns, 15 spans three, and 16 spans two. Item 14 has the 'offset-by-one' class applied, which means it starts in the 3rd column, rather than the second, leaving a one-column wide empty space in the second-row second-column. ](offset-grid-finished.png)
```

On the top line we get twelve neat boxes on the grid and they grow and shrink equally as we change the viewport width. On the next line, however, we only have four items and these also grow and shrink from that 60px basis. With only four of them they can grow a lot more than the items in the row above, the result being that they all occupy the same width on the second row.

> ![The grid has two rows. Each row is a flex-container. First row has twelve flex-items and the second row has four flex-items. The items in a row shrink and flex equally when the viewport width changes. The width of all the items in a row is the same.](flexbox-grid-incomplete.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![The grid has two rows. Each row is a flex container. The first row has twelve equal-width flex items. The second row has four equal-width flex items.](flexbox-grid-incomplete.png)
```
